Hey guys, welcome back to the course. So, this lecture,
what we're going to do is take the three principles
that we covered previous lecture for our optimization
audit, and then I'm going to show you a real live example.
So we're going to demo this on a page that I made actually
for my MVP course, if you guys are following along with that.
I'm going to show you a bad version and then we're going
to talk through how we can convert it into a good version
following those three criteria.
Remember? One, can they understand what it is? Two,
can they figure out why they
should buy it or be interested in it?
And three, can they pay you?
OK, let's go.
All right.
So this is the page right here.
Now, everybody out there, let's look at the page
and actually just read it. Read it to yourself,
and can you figure out what this is?
Give yourself four or five seconds.
I'll wait.
OK.
We're back.
Can anyone figure out what this is?
Well, I'll tell you what it is.
So this was actually in the MVP course. What it was was
a service where we could give gift baskets to Airbnb hosts.
They could customize whatever they wanted and
subscribe, so that they got the same baskets over and
over and over again, based on how many guests
they had and what the guest preferences were.
The idea was that, you know, you host, and you
take 5 to 10 people in your home at a time,
so why not have an application where you create
the gifts that you give to your guests, and then, you
know, in advance pick what you wanted to go in them.
Children getting toys, and old couples getting wine.
So this is a good example and a very plausible example
of a site that to me could have made sense,
because I know what it does,
and so I might think that this is all they need to know.
Here's a picture,
here's a headline, and here is a testimonial
down at the bottom, but in reality, if I didn't know
what it was, I would probably be clueless.
Let's start at the top.
This is the headline.
And in this course, guys, we're going to cover in-depth
making landing pages, how you can get good at making them,
but at this point in the course,
you don't need to be an expert.
We just need to follow those three criteria.
So "The cheapest thank you you can give."
First of all, grammatically, that's a little bit weird "you you."
It also sounds kind of funny, because think about it,
"The cheapest thank you you can give." Doesn't it
make it just sound like you're a cheap person?
A thank you is supposed to be heartfelt and actually
put effort into it, whatever, that's totally aside,
but what does that mean?
Like, I can understand, I can connect the two.
It's a gift of some sort.
Giving a gift, cheapest thank you.
Am I buying that?
That is the question I might ask, because this image
is kind of irrelevant. And then it says "Give the
gift of Airbasket to your Airbnb guests.
They will thank you later."
All right, great.
So I figured out for Airbnb, yes,
the Airbasket goes to them, but I don't know what
the Airbasket necessarily is, I hope it's not that.
And then let's see if maybe we can find another clue.
We have a testimonial. "Airbasket
has saved me in so many situations with
my guests. They absolutely love
receiving them and always thank me later."
So what you can tell is they're buying something.
Not sure why we would buy, and I don't know what it is.
So this is a great example.
I mean, you'd have to be Sherlock Holmes to be able to
put together the pieces to figure out what exactly this is.
Even if I was interested, I'd probably leave, because I don't
know what this is, and I don't want to waste my time
trying to figure it out.
Second, do we have any reason why we should buy it?
I mean, it says cheap, and says they will thank you, and this
person said it was nice, but those aren't really reasons.
How does this benefit me?
Cheap is just not a benefit to me.
I guess, "saved me in situations,"
I don't know what the situations are.
This is very hard to kind of connect the two.
And then, if I want to buy it, I hit "Create a basket" and it appears
that it's just, let's see, a form, and it just says "Thank you!"
OK.
How did I, how was I supposed to buy that?
That fails on all three counts.
OK.
So what we need to do is change this.
We need to convert it into a way
that it's actually easy to understand.
So at home, actually think about this to yourself. How
would you improve this, given what you know it does?
Well, the first thing I'm going to suggest is that since you see
the headline first, you should probably tackle that one first.
Everyone reads the headline first.
I mean, that's just a fact of home pages,
landing pages, and marketing in general.
So "The cheapest thank you you can give,"
I would change that to something a little bit more specific.
It's OK if it's vague
if you then explain right here what it is.
Because the second thing people read is going to be this.
So I can use something that piques their interest or
I can explain it or give a little bit more of a clue,
but then I have to explain it. This is the area where
I explain dead simple what it is, and then I just
simply would not use a testimonial, and if I used a
testimonial, it would have to be something that is
more specific, it would have to say something like,
you know, "Airbasket is a gift that my guests love.
I love the fact that I can customize it and have it come
at convenient times, you know, and that my guests
can say it's personalized," or something like that. It
needs to have some of those features or benefits
in it to make sense and to be
somewhat convincing. And then,
yeah, obviously the second thing is, because
there's no benefits or clear benefits,
I would straight up just change this and add a section
that says "How it works" or "Why you should do it."
OK.
So let's look at an actual version that after
I've done that, I'm going to focus on benefits,
focus on clarity, and I'm going to
make sure that you can pay for it.
So here you go.
Now, if you actually go to Airbasket.co,
you will see this version.
So it says "Your guests will love you." Again, vague,
doesn't necessarily say what it is, but the next sentence
does. "Give each of your guests a personalized welcome
basket. Get baskets delivered on time for each guest
for as little as $7/basket." And then this image is much
more specific, much more relevant. In 1-2 seconds,
if you were to look at this and you didn't know what
it does, you could figure this one out. And then
benefits, right here.
"Why use Airbasket: save time and effort,
200 items to choose from,
enjoy bulk prices."
There you go.
And then I even went down farther and said how it
works and, you know, other things, why you should
buy, we cover a lot of this
later, again, when we talk about landing pages and Instapage,
that's what we use. You guys can look forward to that later.
OK, so you guys can see the difference.
Image is more relevant.
There is a text that literally describes what it is.
And then we literally describe
why you should pay me money.
OK.
Now, the only thing that's left in
our third or three piece audit is paying.
OK.
Now, let me show you how easy it is to add payment.
I can't cover every single base, guys, because if you're using
Shopify, it's a different way, if you're using WordPress,
it's a different way, if you're using a SquareSpace,
it's all basically different, but I'm going to show you
the simplest way to do it, and this way covers
most bases. Just go to Stripe.com. What
they are, they allow you to take credit cards online,
they're a competitor to PayPal, they are well-known.
Why? Because they're extremely easy to use.
Just create an account and you will be
up and running in like two hours.
I say two hours because you do have to have your
account approved before you can take credit cards, but
you can get it set up in the first five minutes,
so set up an account and I'll see you inside.
All right.
And this is what the panel looks like.
You know, it's going to track all of your credit card
transactions, you can add all sorts of cool stuff
like subscriptions, coupons, plans, different products,
you can make it like events, you can make it do all
sorts of really cool stuff.
Big fan of Stripe.
Always check it out.
But now, how do we integrate this? Go to
documentation and right here, checkout.
Just go to checkout.
That is the button that you want.
So if you're doing PayPal, it's the same thing.
I mean, they just give you a PayPal button, you just say
you want to take payments and they'll take you to a page.
It just takes a lot longer with PayPal.
So right here it shows you how to integrate it. It's actually really,
really simple, and they're very nice. Because I'm logged in,
they've already input the code that I need for this to work.
They put in my data key, and my data image, and all that
stuff, so I don't have to deal with that, don't have to
be technical in the slightest.
All I need to know is I have to copy this and go
to whatever you're using for your website.
It's custom, no problem.
If you're using a platform, look
for the custom HTML editor.
So the way that you would do this
in Instapage is you just go up to New,
it's right there at HTML, and you can add custom HTML. Wix does this, Weebly does this, WordPress does this, Shopify does this.
Everyone who has a platform will
allow you to insert custom HTML.
And, you know, if you're doing a custom website,
you work with a developer, just ask them to add it in.
It's like putting in your Google AdWords,
your Google Analytics little snippet.
It takes three seconds.
So you just double click
in this case, and I just copy right there, say done,
it can't show me it yet, because it has to be live,
but you'll see in a second.
Now I have a button.
So now I can just say Preview.
And there you go.
Look, I have a button right there that says "Pay
with Card," I can click it and I can pay you money.
You see how long that took me?
Look, you can pay me.
That's actually the technical name of Sprintkick. I put in
my e-mail, I put in my credit card, pay
20 dollars or whatever you set it up to be.
No excuses, guys.
That's how you can, in roughly five minutes, get a
payment button in to pass your one, two, three audit.
OK.
So we took an ugly, unfunctional page like this, and
we made it so that it actually makes sense, like this,
and then we added a payment button so we can pay.
There you go.
We're done with the audit.
Moving on, and hopefully you guys do the same.
All right, see you in the next lecture.